The "Countdown Chapters" Game!
Let's begin with Marcão and Andy.
Stand up you both.
The "Countdown Chapters" Game is about
creating a story, like the name says,
with five chapters.
But there's a challenge in this game, I will tell you,
but before that I will get
the title of our improvisation:
"A snake-bitten dog is afraid of sausages"
They will have to create a
five-chapter story, but the catch is
they have only 30 seconds
to do - or not - this challenge.
This is basically five or six seconds per chapter!
"Countdown Chapters" Game. A snake-bitten dog
is afraid os sausages.
Go.
- Chapter One!
- Rex, fetch!
Chapter Two!
Chapter Three!
Oh, Rex!
Ten seconds.
Chapter Four!
Rex, let's eat, come on!
Chapter Five!
I've made this...
Daniel and Elidio, step up, please.
"Countdown Chapters" Game.
And the improvisation title is:
"Is there someone uglier than me?"
But the challenge now is
five chapters in 20 seconds.
20 seconds, 5 chapters...
Four - thanks, man - four...
Four seconds per chapter!
It's a lot of time!
I will warn you when there's five seconds left.
Is there someone uglier than me?
"Countdown Chapters". Go.
Chapter One!
Is there someone uglier than me?
Chapter Two!
Chapter Three!
Chapter Four!
Chapter Five!
Ha-ha, very funny, ha-ha.
You guys applaud anything.
It was for the sake of the scene, Marcio.
I think you're fucking hot!
IMPROVÁVEL
Probably a good show.